[Music]
these children have witnessed some of
the most brutal attacks in a
century many of them have lost friends
and loved
[Music]
ones but they are trying hard to hold on
to
life Palestinian traditional
storytellers known as alati are coming
together to ease their suffering and
give children a chance to be happy which
is extremely rare but desperately needed
nowadays we provide entertainment and
psychological support to displace people
in un Affiliated shelters we try to
convey our message to children in a
simple and entertaining way using
stories particularly traditional ones we
use entertainment to distract them from
the hardships in
[Music]
Gaza this performance is being staged at
a un Ling school
[Music]
inun which has become home to thousands
of displ Palestinian
[Music]
families organizers say adults are
struggling to cope during the war but
children are especially
[Music]
vulnerable fear has gripped the
children's soul and they're scared of
everything for example the microphone
fell from my grasp and made a loud noise
causing all the children to panic and
thinking it was the sound of
bombing Israeli attacks have killed and
injured thousands of children Duan says
1.2 million dispas Palestinians are
Sheltering in his facilities across the
Gaza Street schools have been destroyed
and education
disrupted they crave activities that
bring them Joy taking them away from the
stresses of the wall and into world of
entertainment which is so different from
their actual experiences under Israeli
[Music]
bombing storytellers dressed in
traditional Palestinian clothing say
they hope to remind children about what
their grandparents wore and woke
feelings of nostalgia and happiness if
not peace R SAR Al
jaaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer click on the know